Here are the current definitions and descriptions (in development), just to clarify...

Omni (the being)
  God (outside existence)
   Nothing/Nobody
    The name I gave to the pre-existential source of the Omnipresence.
      Its name was created to adapt to the human thinker's need for a satisfaction of causality 
        e.g. God, The Gods, Allah, Yahweh, The Universe, The Matrix, The Simulation, The Aliens, etc.
        
Omnipresence
  The collective consciousness
    The spirit of everything
      The original effect
        The name of the universal will and thought that permeates and connects all that transpires in all universes.
          Similar in behavior to human decision making albeit omniscient.
          
C - Cybersun (concerning Existence) (concerning the Universe)
S - Starlight (concerning Omni) (concerning the Soul)
A - Overt (Public) (Above)
V - Covert (Secretive) (Below)
X - Hands/Body (Actions) (Inside/Within)
O - Mind (Thoughts) (Outside/Without)

Three Letter Definitions example:

CAO means 
  Cybersun Overt Mind
    Public Thoughts concerning Existence
      Outside and Above concerning the Universe
        (E.G. Overt Status Quo Influencers and Leaders like Politics and Business)

CAX means 
  Cybersun Overt Hands
    Public Actions concerning the Universe
      Inside and Above concerning the Universe
        (E.G. Everyone's public existence, usually wants food shelter and pleasure; regular people following the status quo)
        
CVO means
  Cybersun Covert Mind
    Secretive Thoughts concerning Existence
      Outside and Below concerning the Universe
        (E.G. Clandestine Human Goal Influencers and Leaders like the CIA and heads of conspiracy)
        
CVX means
  Cybersun Covert Hands
    Secretive Actions concerning Existence
      Inside and Below concerning the Universe
        (E.G. Agents of the Clandestine Human Goal like spies and criminals)
        
SAO means Starlight Overt Mind
  Public Thoughts concerning Omni
    Outside and Above concerning the Soul
      (E.G. Overt Communicators and Authorities of Omni's will like the heads of church, translators of omni, and sages like me)
      
SAX means Starlight Overt Hands
  Public Actions concerning Omni
    Inside and Above for the Soul 
      (E.G. Agents of Spiritual Development like missionaries and teachers)
      
SVO means Starlight Covert Mind
  Secretive Thoughts concerning Omni
    Outside and Below concerning the Soul
      (E.G. That of strong connection to omni including that which hosts of what transcends of reality)
      
SVX means Starlight Covert Hands
  Secretive Actions concerning Omni
    Inside and Below concerning the Soul 
      (E.G. Conscious agents of omni's will like me)
      
SS-anyone
  Designated Anti-Starlight.
    Phantom host of the (usually malevolent) visitant omniforce/fate designed impression. 
      Disguises as CC. 
      
CC-anyone
  Designated Anti-Cybersun. 
    Phantom alias of the (usually illicit) human-designed illusion. 
      Disguises as SS or luck/fate/coincidence.

Source: Me
